Welcome back.
My dear student Welcome back.
OK.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to go and find my project which I got right here.
Hopefully you guys can see that put Big Tex here so you guys can follow me.
So I'm gonna go to the registration page right here one of the first things that I want to change is
a button that's driving me crazy read this bond right here I'm just gonna make it blue or something
like that.
So I'm just gonna come here and I'm gonna make this blue instead of beauty and custom I'm just gonna
say it's a primary color and now I'm going to refresh it and make sure that that works great.
All right.
So let's get plain here.
So the functionality is very simple we're going gonna be doing this with sessions.
OK.
And sessions I'm going to allow us to keep some data alive wins once the page refreshes.
So first things first.
What I want to do is I want to create another directory and I'm going to do that inside includes for
the right here.
I think this is a good area just because we are very close to the registration page.
So inside includes folder in the root directory not inside the admin inside the root directory.
I'm going to create a directory another directory called languages.
OK.
Just in case you have more languages.
This would be a good place to put him.
And I'm just going to have two languages.
OK.
The first one is gonna be e and for English e end up BHP guys.
And just remember there are a couple different ways of actually doing the feature that I'm I'm about
to show you the feature that I'm going to show you right now can be done using arrays can be done using
another functionality with packages can be done using the database.
This is just the simplest way to do it.
OK.
So this is remember this is extra features that I'm adding to the course to show you guys more stuff.
This is not it doesn't mean that the the course is not complete this course is is being complete a long
time ago.
I'm just key I just keep adding stuff to it.
So you know.
So you guys can learn more.
But anyway so I got these two files a English version and the Spanish version because of course I speak
Spanish the E N I'm going to set it up right now.
OK.
So I could create a constant here called register register like that as a matter of fact I'm going to
put a underscore here because I'm signifying that this is a constant.
Now you can use a what you would call it.
You don't have to use the word concept but this is the newer version.
You can actually use define if you like to define a constant and we already learn how to do that in
this course.
But I'm going to use this new keyword here for new BHP versions.
OK.
It's just cleaner for the defined function.
The defined function could be use in some other features.
OK.
So I'm creating constancy because that's what I'm going to be using.
You can use arrays if you like.
It's up to you.
What is the benefit.
Well in reality I haven't really looked it up but when arrays you can just have one array name and you
can access it's values that way which is the name and the key with the key and value.
So it's up to you to do this and I'm just gonna change this to enter your user name.
As a matter of fact let's start each word with a capital or uppercase entry you or
what is this email and this would be it doesn't matter fact let's just copy this thing right here.
Enter your password.
Super simple
all right.
Now let's create Oh the one I'm just gonna copy this.
Put it right here in the Spanish section.
Well let's copy the whole thing right.
That would be very smart if we did copy the PSP tag and voila.
Now we are gonna be learning some Spanish guys ready.
All right so you start what you're gonna say.
He stood at the OK.
I could be a Spanish professor right.
No way they will swipe you means username and to your core cocktail means your email and just trying
to make a simple to your again flabby.
All right.
Your password.
You.
You can also book contract saying yeah.
Well that's a different word and it's the same word but it just bigger.
OK more complicated.
But anyway.
So we created these two files here which is you know I think we do good here.
And if you want in more languages of course you would still you know add more data.
You would put it here and in a different file if you were from Germany you would do a German file and
you would put you know you would change this or have more data included depending on the file that you
are translating.
So in the next lecture we're going to continue with this.
See you in the next section or lecture actually.